Hi everyone, welcome to Reproducible
Research.
This class is, is the fifth class in the
Data Sci Specialization.
And it covers a very special topic that I
think doesn't get talked about a lot.
In kind of, in typical, typical
statistical or data analysis types of
courses.
So even though the word reproducible
research has the word research in
it, it's, so we're not, it, it applies to
many different areas.
Not just to kind of people who are doing
research per say.
The basic idea is that when you do a
data analysis and there are many different
steps, and
it's, and it involves a lot of computing,
and
perhaps a lot of kind of of data
manipulation or processing.
It's important that you, when you
communicate what you've done and you've
communicated in a way that someone
else could actually reconstruct what
you've done.
So that's reproducible by someone else.
Now I think it's ve-, as data analyses and
data sets get more complicated,
it becomes harder and harder to insure
that whatever you've done is actually
reproducible.
Because sometimes, you lose a little code
over here.
Sometimes you forget about a, a process or
a transformation you did over here.
And then, if you, and then a subsequent
analyses are
not reproducible if you don't kind of
document all those details.
So what were going to talk about in this
course are kind of some basic tools that
you can use to help make your analyses and
your work in general reproducible.
And I'll talk about thing like Knitter and
we'll
talk about how we can do this in RStudio.
And we'll talk about some basic principles
for kind of that you can
follow to make sure that you're work is as
reproducible as possible.
So I think this a very important aspect of
any data analysis in any area.
because it's really about communicating
exactly what you've done so
that someone else can kind of understand
what's going on.
In the last part of the course, we'll talk
about some case studies.
Of kind of where reproducibility either
went right or went horribly wrong.
And I think these are, these cases studies
are, are highly instructive.
And to kind of give you a sense of what
can and can what is and is not possible.
So I hope you enjoy this course.
I think it's a really important idea and I
hope you get a lot out of it.